Game of Thrones season 2 begins with the
war of the five kings Joffrey Baratheon
of course he's really a Lannister
because his mom had incest sex with
their twin brother and that's why he's
such a douche here's uncle Tyrion is a
dwarf he comes to town he's like hey big
bad daddy Tywin sent me to be the hand
of the king
so I'm gonna run things Cersei doesn't
like this one bit cuz she likes to be in
charge now King number two king of the
north Robb Stark is marching to avenge
his father Ned Stark was killed last
season he sends his mom Catelyn go meet
with King number three who is Renly
Baratheon the younger brother of fat
King Robb who died last season they're
having a little tournament and the
winner is a chick it's Brienne of Tarth
the guy she beat is Sir Loras Tyrell and
the flowers such is King Rama's gay
lover and his sister is Margaery Tyrell
she's the new queen the Tyrells are a
powerful family we didn't really meet
before but they're strong now she comes
in she's like you got to put a baby in
me I know you're super gay though so if
you want I'll get my brother to come in
so he's offered a gay devil's threesome
but he declines to talk to Kat was like
you should ally with robb because we
both hate the Lannisters he says yes but
for Stannis Baratheon his older brother
now he's uh
no one likes him except for his odd
trusted advisor Davos and this priestess
Melisandre who says the night is dark
and full of terrors now across the sea
its Khaleesi Daenerys Targaryen she has
dragons now but they're babies so the
useless she also has a Gruffalo tour
advisor Sir Jorah Mormont but unlike
Stannis's he wants to bang her she makes
it to the city called Qarth and she
meets this black guy who's like yeah
look at that ass we got a letter in now
the Nights Watch
Jon Snow is here they're going north
they stop this guy Craster's house who
has a bunch of daughters there also
though his wives so that's more incest
Sam though is not uh scared because he
meets a hot one named Jilly or Jilly and
he falls in love now Arya Stark has
disguised as a boy she's traveling north
she's got a fat friend also named hot
pie and a hot friend named Gendry
who is a bastard of the fat King Robb so
they come looking for him one day
because Stannis sent a letter to
everyone in the realm saying that
Joffrey is an incest baby so Joffrey's
killing all the bastards of affecting
Robb and so they kill the people here
they burn this cart and Arya saves them
so I don't be important in a little bit
and they kill this poor kid because they
think he is Gendry sucks for him and
they take these guys prisoner now Sansa
is still engaged to Joffrey and he
enjoys tormenting our in front of the
whole court for fun but Tyrion puts a
stop to it cuz he's sort of a nice guy
that Tyrion brought his horse Shae with
him even though his dad specifically
told him not to because he hates [ __ ]
but terian sort of falling in love so
you know that's good for him now he has
a plot going on he meets with the big
players that's maester pycelle the old
guy Varys the spider he's a eunuch and
Littlefinger Petyr Baelish his master of
coin and he tells them all that he's
gonna marry the princess mice Ella to
someone different but don't
tell Cersei of course sir she finds out
immediately and she's like how dare you
marry her did Prince of Dorne who
detailed or to maester pycelle so he
cuts us a beard sends him to the
dungeons and he sends myself off to
Dorne wherever that is and sir she's
like I'm gonna kill you one day for
taking my daughter away from me
Joffrey is on the way home he gets hit
by poop and then it's full-on riot mode
class warfare they rip off an arm oh my
god the VIP is making a way to safely
accept Santa who's in for unfortunately
a bit of a rape but she's saved by
sandal khegay in the hound
he's Geoffrey's bodyguard and he's sort
of a mean guy but she's like he'll
thanks for saving me from rape and he
says something pretty creepy because
he's really bad with girls
now the Baratheon brothers are having a
pal Stannis like I'm older so I'm the
rightful king
Renly's like I'm better-looking so I
should be king haha now what's the deal
with Melisandre our Sheen stands banging
yes they are so he have some sex and
then he's like Davos you used to be a
smuggler take her to shore oh my god
she's pregnant oh my god she's given
birth to a shadow baby what is happening
it sneaks in and killed Renly Oh God
so Catelyn Stark's like Brad we got to
get out of here she doesn't know what to
do with her life anymore so she pledged
herself to counting good girl power
now Renly's Army mostly goes to Stannis
except the Tyrells are like whatever we
picked around King Littlefinger shows up
he's idea Margaery do you still want to
be a queen she's like no I want to be
the queen so they have a plot now the
Iron Islands that's where Theon Greyjoy
is from now remember he was a ward of
the Starks he grew up like a brother to
Robb he's like let me go talk to my dad
get him on our side this girl is like
I'll take you to the castle he's like
yeah you will they get a little frisky
on the horse ride over and then she's
like I'm sorry sister surprise he'll
incest more anyway they meet King number
five which is Lord bailout Greyjoy of
the Iron Islands and Theon's like yo
let's join us Robb he's like a [ __ ]
don't tell me what to do I do it out
what I'm going to attack the north so
you better pick which family you want
Theon
so he chooses his iron island not a
natural born family now I've been
Winterfell bran Stark is super bored
he's hanging out with old guys his only
friend is this big [ __ ] Hodor and his
dirty chick Asha but he does have dreams
where he is in wolf so that's cool
now they come to like a nearby villages
undertaxed who's like send all the
guards and of course thing on coms he's
like aha that was my plot now I've
captured Winterfell and to prove it he
cuts up this guy's head so poor Theon
has gone to the dark side and Rob's like
that douche I'm gonna March up there and
recon core Winterfell but this Lord is
like no no I got some men up there like
you stay here so Rob stays her to fight
the Lannisters and he meets this hot
nurse chick from wherever and they
amputated guys foot together which I
really turns him on so then they start
having some sex and his mom's like Rob
you're engaged to one of Walder Frey's
ugly daughters because back in season
one
to cross this bridge he's like whatever
I'm gonna marry for love I'm sure
that'll be fine
now the Nights Watch meets up with Korn
- who's the legendary Ranger it takes
Jon Snow with him - go amber some
wildlings and it's a hot chick he's like
look we got a killer but instead of
watching you do it we're gonna let you
do it alone and of course Jon can't do
it cuz he's a puss and he you know
catches her but now they're separated
from his friends so they play the old we
got a co formed game and then they play
the old is that a boner in your pants
you just happy to see me game anyway
they go to sleep now Daenerys is that
like a garden party and she meets this
weird-looking guy who is a warlock and
can duplicate himself so okay that's
fine - the black guy's like look I'm the
richest man in the world here in my
vault and I'll take you with me if you
marry me to conquer the room but he's
like no don't marry him and she's like
why not he's it cuz I have a secret
crush on you and she's like no we're
just friends and he's like obso sad and
she's like no but I'll stroke your beard
so whatever sucks for him now this chick
gets naked for Theon and they have sex
but that she sneaks off in the middle of
night and takes the guys and hold her
with him so the only except I don't know
why I she had to sleep with him by the
way for that plot to work anyway beyond
like is like this would happens oh my
god he burned bran alive he's the worst
okay Arya though is taken to Harrenhal
which is a big burned-out castle the
Lannisters have and they play fun games
here like the rat in the bucket and the
fire game so that's awesome but big bed
daddy Tywin Lannister shows up and he's
like oh this is a girl by the way she
doesn't know it's already stark but he
makes her his cup bearer so they have
some fun and this is Jack and agar the
guy she saved from the burning cage fire
and he's like a girl stole three names
from the red God and must give a man
three names whatever she's like a
bug-eyed tortured people the rats boom
he's dead what yeah Jack and Garza's
Master Assassin dude so unfortunately
she wastes her second name on this guy
who doesn't even matter she's gonna use
the third one i Taemin but he's out
before it happens so he's like a man
needs a third name and she's like Jack
and agar and he's a [ __ ] girl gives a
man his own name you're you're a [ __ ]
she's like okay I'll unnamed you if you
help me my friends escape
so he's like fine walk through gets it
midnight the gods will be dead her
friends are out so now Jamie Lannister
the Kingslayer he was captured remember
and so one day though he beats his
cousin to death and he strangles this
guy and he escapes throughout five
minutes and lord whatever is like that
was my son that you killed and he's like
coming to kill you but castles like no
we have a traitor a hostage exchange
sure that my daughter's so she goes that
night and she's like look I better
release you right now before they kill
you so she sends him with Brienne down
to King's Landing to trade for Sansa so
there's their plan now Stannis the Manas
is coming for King's Landing and because
Tywin is fighting Robb Stark in the
north Tyrion has to defend the city with
like almost no guards but he's like yo
let's make all this wildfire and so
incensed is fleet arrives they send one
boat which is like super
suspicious and it's like leaking this
green stuff and then Tyrion is like fire
and then bronze like boom awesome shot
by an explosion wildfire everywhere
Davos dude hit by the explosion so that
was really cool
now Stannis survives and he still got a
bunch of an army left so they're like
we're gonna storm the castle and so they
send the Hound out with some Andalite
fight them off that's going really well
until the Hance he's like all this fire
and he's scared to fire because his face
is all burnt from when he was a kid so
he decided to bail and go creep on Sansa
he's like yo girl like I'll take you
back up to your family if you want and
she's like I don't really trust you
because you're ugly and stuff so sucks
for him not Tyrion has to defend the
city but and he's like gives a really
rousing speech and it's really good
they're all like half man half man so
he's a really good leader and they are
doing it and then this guy is on his
side but it cuts him what his face and
/wd killing but he's saved by his loyal
Squire Podrick Payne he was at zero line
so far in the season now this army comes
it's realized reinforcements Big Daddy
Javon Lannister he tricked everyone they
thought he was gonna North he came south
to save the city and now that he's here
it's like okay you get to be handed the
King now thanks for saving the city and
the Tyrells came they joined forces with
the Lancers and he's like yo bro you
should marry my sister she's like yeah I
promise to wear super low-cut dresses
all the time he's like yeah this is good
and so sense is off the hook now she's
no longer engaged but little fingers
like look you still going to torture you
and stuff so I'll take you back north
your family if you want but we saw how
trusting Littlefinger work for Ned last
season I wouldn't do it and so for
brokering the Tyrell alliance they make
him Lord of Harrenhal which is like a
thing in name only but that's good for
him and Tyrion unfortunately gets no
love
it was Cersei who tried to have him
killed and he's got this big scar now
but it's horseshit still like hey I
still love you if that's what [ __ ] are
great cuz as long as you have money they
still love you and Stannis is like woman
you said you saw my victory in the
flames and she's like I still do look
and he's a who pretty fire so that's his
thing now Jon Snow wakes up with a huge
Morningwood boner and she said do you
even know to do with that Jon Snow and
he's like yeah of course she could say
her tagline which is you know nothing
Jon Snow and then she runs away and
meets up with some wildling friends and
they take him captive and like they also
have corn half-man and he's like just
know you got to go undercover as a
wildling he's like how will I do that
well if we have this fake fight and you
kill me they'll totally trust you and
it's like he's not gonna work
yeah that works we totally trust you now
so take him up to the
king-beyond-the-wall mance rayder in the
wildling army now Daenerys comes home
everyone's dead the dragons are gone
where are my dragons that's her line and
they're like all the time meaning find
out and warlocks like yeah I took your
dragons I'll tell you and like I was
like yeah I'm working with him it's like
why are you telling us is boom
everyone's dead so she goes and finds
warlock tower and they play the many
doors game so behind one door is the
Iron Throne of Westeros which discovered
snow and behind another door is your
dead husband Khal Drogo with the baby
yay but she bails and fights her dragons
but then they have kept her prisoner and
they're like and she's like shakarez and
then dragon fire burned alive don't mess
with Khaleesi she's like yo black guy
where's your money
whose vaults actually empty so she locks
it inside and then she steals a silver
ocean to buy a boat yay now Theon
Greyjoy is surrounded with his little
troupe of Iron Man so he's a rousing
speech but they actually just you know
knock them out and they're like we don't
really like you Theon we're gonna trade
you for our freedom but beneath the
crypts of Winterfell the girl and bran
oh my god he's alive and thank goodness
hodor's alive also but we know fells all
burned so they like are gonna wander off
to the wall or something and Arya is
also wandering the countryside with her
friends meets up with Jack McGaw I was
like yo girl you want to be a Master
Assassin like me and she's like yeah
course so he's like look take this coin
and say Valar morghulis
and she's like Valerie Lewis he's like
yeah now watch this magic trick boom new
face how do you do it I don't know it's
cool now these Nights Watch are
shoveling some snow and they find these
dragon glass daggers which will matter
next season and the horn sounds that
they're under attack and Sam falls cuz
he's fat and who's attacking them it's
enter/exit Santa Claus who's a white
Walker that's leading an army of ice
zombies oh my god and that's the way
season 2 comes to an end